So, guys, now it's time to understand the CPU registers, so we are just one step away from understanding
the mechanism of function, call and function returns.
In order to understand pusses of call and return mechanism, we need to understand the purpose of basic
three registers which are used to implement the mechanism of procedure called undertones.
So we have these three registers.
The first register is called Instruction Point to register.
This register stores the address of very next instruction to be executed in some implementation.
This register can also be used to store the address of current instruction, which is being executed.
If that is the case, we simply add one to the value of this instruction pointer, which gives us the
address of the next instruction, which will execute next.
So the same goal that is knowing the very next instruction to be executed can be achieved by either
of the policies.
Then the second resistor is a stack pointer register, stack pointer register.
Alwis stores the address of top of the stack.
Right.
That is the lowest address of the stack memory.
And the third register is a best pointer.
Register based Pointer Register stauss the starting address in the stack frame where cholos based pointer
value is copied.
So basically based on to register is used to store the history.
So I'm sure you have not yet understood this point to register.
So next we will going to understand the usage of all these three registers with the help of an example.
So just have the definition of these three registers in mind.
We will apply these definitions in the next example that we will going to discuss.
And now let us understand that how these three basic registers are used.
Also, note that there are only one instance of these registers CPU.
These registers are not perforated.
These registers are actual piece of small hardware chips which are embedded on your motherboard.
Right.
So these registers are the same as Mammone, which stores the data.
The only difference is that registers are more quickly accessible to the CPU as compared to the RAM
memory.
So for those operations with CPU needs to perform millions of times per second, those operations is
performed by the CPU with the help of registers.
So these three registers are part CPU and not per frame.
So it means that these are global registers, so now let us discuss the usage of these three registers
and understand that how these three register supports procedure call and procedure written.